oh my bad I'm gonna be here we go so God
yes sorry I've got to look at the time
asian technicians a hide-a-bed a breath
though he he cup and look at the team
he's a really good so every 10 minutes
and drug operations effect whatsoever
ventures effect no cards in hand once
Virginia can special summon infernity
monster besides himself your wife or i
might want to say I'm I like the best
you have I don't know how boggling the
postal big bass ugly fast yeah
it's a new faster
no person yet okay no car tonight I can
vote your monster and you take care
monsters can attack second under battle
though huh is that considered battle
though hello takes my battle damage as I
said that he blows it up in a nice all
right it's great very tired yeah yeah
for the money Sandra $65 that you get
from some occasions what is one that we
might be able my parents will give me
that Momo's 25 I wish 13 that gotta get
the therapy it's a 1250 hydro-man oh
yeah is damaged so that's 12 24 48 I got
14 15 15
earn you got how much 50 50 you buddy
get this done
oh yeah right nightmare oh thank you oh
and a mess up somewhere okay no call the
haunted brought back on alright cool
down or something special I like SAS
Chris brick normal something like 42 and
195 don't get better
jun 13 right make sure your a 55 it just
means 62 way already nope sure
Oh
oh really no like physics around like
somewhere down the line Mike you got all
pissy last time you want to redo your
recording again